README.md, before:

[![FINOS - Incubating](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/finos/contrib-toolbox@master/images/badge-incubating.svg)](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/display/FINOS/Incubating)

# FINOS Emerging Technologies Special Interest Group

Short blurb about what your project does.

## Meetings

The SIG meets on the last Wednesday of every month at 10:00 US/Eastern. Agendas and conference info for upcoming meetings can be found in the [issues](https://github.com/finos-labs/emerging-technologies/issues). 

## Contributing to This Repository

1. [Fork it...](https://github.com/finos-labs/emerging-technologies/fork)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Read our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Community Code of Conduct](https://www.finos.org/code-of-conduct)
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
6. Create a new [pull request...](https://github.com/finos-labs/emerging-technologies/pulls)

## License

Copyright 2023 Fintech Open Source Foundation

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

SPDX-License-Identifier: [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Commit message:

Adding initial SIG introduction blurb
Signed-off-by: Patrick Downing <Patrick.Downing@morganstanley.com>

README.md, after:

[![FINOS - Incubating](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/finos/contrib-toolbox@master/images/badge-incubating.svg)](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/display/FINOS/Incubating)

# FINOS Emerging Technologies Special Interest Group

Welcome to the FINOS Emerging Technologies Special Interest Group (Zenith). The purpose of the Zenith SIG is to explore and promote the adoption of new and innovative technologies in the financial services industry. The concrete goals of the SIG are to:
	1. identify and evaluate emerging technologies that have potential to transform the sector 
	2. to share best practices, use cases, and insights for the broader community in the form of webinars, podcasts, and articles.

## Meetings

The SIG meets on the last Wednesday of every month at 10:00 US/Eastern. Agendas and conference info for upcoming meetings can be found in the [issues](https://github.com/finos-labs/emerging-technologies/issues). 

## Contributing to This Repository

1. [Fork it...](https://github.com/finos-labs/emerging-technologies/fork)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Read our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Community Code of Conduct](https://www.finos.org/code-of-conduct)
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
6. Create a new [pull request...](https://github.com/finos-labs/emerging-technologies/pulls)

## License

Copyright 2023 Fintech Open Source Foundation

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

SPDX-License-Identifier: [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
