website/blog/2023-12-02-aws-quantum-error-correction.md, before:

---
title: Amazon Introduces New Quantum Chip
slug: aws-qec-reinvent-2023
tags: [quantum-computing]
image: /img/blog/aws-chip.png
---

One the challenges with leveraging quantum computing stems from the error-prone nature of the basic unit of quantum information, quantum bits, or qubits. By leveraging the unique properties of superposition, simultaneously existing as a state of 0 and 1, as well as entanglement, qubits enable complex computations in fields such as finance. There is a trade off however that, currently, a large amount of effort must go into quantum error correction for this to be useful.<!-- truncate -->

Quantum Error Correction (QEC) is a daunting task of mitigating the sensitivity of qubits to noise in the environment. Qubits can experience errors in two dimensions: bit flips, where similarly to classical computing error the qubit’s computational state flips from 1 to 0 or vice versa, and phase flips, where the different possible amplitude states may change. AWS [introduced at re:Invent 2023](https://www.forbes.com/sites/craigsmith/2023/11/28/amazon-introduces-new-quantum-chip-to-reduce-errors) a new quantum chip where it was stated "<i>We've been able to suppress errors by 100x by using a passive error correction approach</i>".

The advancements in error rectification and the efficiency of hardware are paving the way for a future where quantum computers can tackle intricate challenges that were once thought to be beyond our reach.

![AWS Quantum Chip](/img/blog/aws-chip.png)

Commit message:

Adding aws skill builder paragraph

website/blog/2023-12-02-aws-quantum-error-correction.md, after:

---
title: Amazon Introduces New Quantum Chip
slug: aws-qec-reinvent-2023
tags: [quantum-computing]
image: /img/blog/aws-chip.png
---

One the challenges with leveraging quantum computing stems from the error-prone nature of the basic unit of quantum information, quantum bits, or qubits. By leveraging the unique properties of superposition, simultaneously existing as a state of 0 and 1, as well as entanglement, qubits enable complex computations in fields such as finance. There is a trade off however that, currently, a large amount of effort must go into quantum error correction for this to be useful.<!-- truncate -->

Quantum Error Correction (QEC) is a daunting task of mitigating the sensitivity of qubits to noise in the environment. Qubits can experience errors in two dimensions: bit flips, where similarly to classical computing error the qubit’s computational state flips from 1 to 0 or vice versa, and phase flips, where the different possible amplitude states may change. AWS [introduced at re:Invent 2023](https://www.forbes.com/sites/craigsmith/2023/11/28/amazon-introduces-new-quantum-chip-to-reduce-errors) a new quantum chip where it was stated "<i>We've been able to suppress errors by 100x by using a passive error correction approach</i>".

The advancements in error rectification and the efficiency of hardware are paving the way for a future where quantum computers can tackle intricate challenges that were once thought to be beyond our reach.

For those interested in exploring Quantum Computring on the AWS platform, there are [Braket learning paths](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/public/learning_plan/view/1986/amazon-braket-badge-knowledge-badge-readiness-path) on the AWS Skills Builder platform. You can gain hands-on experience with the AWS Quantum ecosystem while earning a digital badge demonstrating the knowledge learned.

![AWS Quantum Chip](/img/blog/aws-chip.png)
